"a design file that explains changes that you made to the design of the application as a whole, and that includes 5-10 pointers to interesting moments (explained below) in your development, each with a couple of sentences explaining it."

A key change I had to make to my design was the addition of authentication features. While working through a user journey on past assignments, it somehow slipped my mind that it would need to verify user identity to maintain the correct task, list, and session data. I think because the data isn't "sensitive" per-se, I failed to consider this factor. So, the first big change I had to make was add to User characteristics bound to each data type.

I started focused on ListCreation. I felt as though this concept was easiest to abstractly conceptualize, so I chose to use it as my experimentation with the new softwares. In doing so, I there was a bit of a learning curve. The biggest hurdle was getting it to generate an operational test suite. First, I ran into problems with its syntax, generating with structure that Deno.test didn't recognize. This involved some specialized prompting to clarify what syntax is allowable. From there, I also ran into a snag with some conflicting test cases producing unintented errors. Since they were all operating with the same database, there was a conflict of constructing two lists with the same name for the same user, which throws an error. I manually went in and fixed this, adding a new user to associate with one of the lists. With that, I felt pretty good about my understanding of the process and the implementation of ListCreation.